In this application you are seeing here I get two buttons.
Any made in shrink and they don't do anything.
I'll come back to these buttons in a second and then me got two lists and I can.
Items to the list with the Add button list or witty add item button you can add a to build lists.
Actually I do have twice the same list because I want to show different animations later on.
Let's start with the two buttons up here and the basics of animations.
As a side note this project is of course attached to this lecture.
So how do we start with that.
How does the enemy mation system in England generally work.
Well if we have a look at the source code behind this template here we see that you would get two buttons
and then we get this empty div..
Now that's the death of one to animate and on which I want to show how any mation turning on to generally
work.